README.md, before:

# SolidStrap: SolidJS JSX components for Bootstrap 5.x

This library is a port of ReactStrap to SolidJS.

The components are based on [reactstrap bootstrap 5 branch](https://github.com/reactstrap/reactstrap/blob/bootstrap5/src) via [solid-styled-jsx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/solid-styled-jsx)

This is currently a WIP, attempting to port over [reactstrap](https://reactstrap.github.io/) for [Bootstrap 5.x](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.1) to [SolidJS](https://www.solidjs.com/) while I learn SolidJS in the process.

## UI tags (WIP)

- Accordion
- AccordionBody
- AccordionContext
- AccordionHeader
- AccordionItem
- Alert
- Badge
- Breadcrumb
- BreadcrumbItem
- Button
- ButtonDropdown
- ButtonGroup
- ButtonToggle
- ButtonToolbar
- Card
- CardBody
- CardColumns
- CardDeck
- CardFooter
- CardGroup
- CardHeader
- CardImg
- CardImgOverlay
- CardLink
- CardSubtitle
- CardText
- CardTitle
- Carousel
- CarouselCaption
- CarouselContext
- CarouselControl
- CarouselItem
- Dropdown
- DropdownItem
- DropdownMenu
- DropdownToggle
- Form
- FormFeedback
- FormGroup
- Input
- InputGroup
- InputGroupText
- Label
- List
- ListGroup
- ListGroupItem
- ListInLineItem
- Media
- Modal
- ModalBody
- ModalFooter
- ModalHeader
- Nav
- Navbar
- NavbarBrand
- NavbarText
- NavbarToggler
- NavItem
- NavLink
- Offcanvas
- OffcanvasBody
- OffcanvasHeader
- Pagination
- PaginationItem
- PaginationLink
- Placeholder
- PlaceholderButton
- Popover
- PopoverBody
- PopoverHeader
- PopperContent
- Portal
- Progress
- Row
- Spinner
- TabContent
- TabContext
- Table
- TabPane
- Toast
- ToastBody
- ToastHeader
- Tooltip
- UncontrolledAccordion
- UncontrolledAlert
- UncontrolledButtonDropdown
- UncontrolledCarousel
- UncontrolledCollapse
- UncontrolledDropdown
- UncontrolledPopover
- UncontrolledTooltip

Note that all components using `solid-popper` are very much incomplete and WIP

## Popper JSX tags

Attempt to port React Popper tags is also included in this libary

- Popper
- Manager

### Usage

```ts
import { Popper, Manager } from "solid-bootstrap/popper";
```

## Dependencies

- [solid-popper](https://libraries.io/npm/solid-popper)
- [solid-transition-group](https://libraries.io/npm/solid-transition-group)

## Usage

```tsx
import { Badge } from "solid-bootstrap/components";

const App = () => <Badge color="red" />;
```

### Adding Bootstrap 5.x

You can include the bootstrap CSS and Javascript bundles directly in your `index.html`

```html
<!-- bootstrap 5.1 CSS -->
<link
  href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.1.3/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css"
  rel="stylesheet"
  integrity="sha384-1BmE4kWBq78iYhFldvKuhfTAU6auU8tT94WrHftjDbrCEXSU1oBoqyl2QvZ6jIW3"
  crossorigin="anonymous"
/>
<!-- bootstrap 5.1 JS -->
<script
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.1.3/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-ka7Sk0Gln4gmtz2MlQnikT1wXgYsOg+OMhuP+IlRH9sENBO0LRn5q+8nbTov4+1p"
  crossorigin="anonymous"
></script>
```

Sample `index.html`

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <!-- Required meta tags -->
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />

    <!-- Bootstrap CSS -->
    <link
      href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.1.3/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css"
      rel="stylesheet"
      integrity="sha384-1BmE4kWBq78iYhFldvKuhfTAU6auU8tT94WrHftjDbrCEXSU1oBoqyl2QvZ6jIW3"
      crossorigin="anonymous"
    />

    <title>Hello, world!</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Hello, world!</h1>

    <!-- Optional JavaScript; choose one of the two! -->

    <!-- Option 1: Bootstrap Bundle with Popper -->
    <script
      src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.1.3/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js"
      integrity="sha384-ka7Sk0Gln4gmtz2MlQnikT1wXgYsOg+OMhuP+IlRH9sENBO0LRn5q+8nbTov4+1p"
      crossorigin="anonymous"
    ></script>

    <!-- Option 2: Separate Popper and Bootstrap JS -->
    <!--
    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@popperjs/core@2.10.2/dist/umd/popper.min.js" integrity="sha384-7+zCNj/IqJ95wo16oMtfsKbZ9ccEh31eOz1HGyDuCQ6wgnyJNSYdrPa03rtR1zdB" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.1.3/dist/js/bootstrap.min.js" integrity="sha384-QJHtvGhmr9XOIpI6YVutG+2QOK9T+ZnN4kzFN1RtK3zEFEIsxhlmWl5/YESvpZ13" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
    -->
  </body>
</html>
```

## Install

Those templates dependencies are maintained via [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) via `pnpm up -Lri`.

This is the reason you see a `pnpm-lock.yaml`. That being said, any package manager will work. This file can be safely be removed once you clone a template.

```bash
$ npm install # or pnpm install or yarn install
```

### Learn more on the [Solid Website](https://solidjs.com) and come chat with us on our [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/solidjs)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm dev` or `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `dist` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles Solid in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

## Deployment

You can deploy the `dist` folder to any static host provider (netlify, surge, now, etc.)

Commit message:

use solid Dynamic component to render dynamic tags

README.md, after:

# SolidStrap: SolidJS JSX components for Bootstrap 5.x

This library is a port of ReactStrap to SolidJS.

The components are based on [reactstrap bootstrap 5 branch](https://github.com/reactstrap/reactstrap/blob/bootstrap5/src) via [solid-styled-jsx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/solid-styled-jsx)

This is currently a WIP, attempting to port over [reactstrap](https://reactstrap.github.io/) for [Bootstrap 5.x](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.1) to [SolidJS](https://www.solidjs.com/) while I learn SolidJS in the process.

## UI tags (WIP)

- Accordion
- AccordionBody
- AccordionContext
- AccordionHeader
- AccordionItem
- Alert
- Badge
- Breadcrumb
- BreadcrumbItem
- Button
- ButtonDropdown
- ButtonGroup
- ButtonToggle
- ButtonToolbar
- Card
- CardBody
- CardColumns
- CardDeck
- CardFooter
- CardGroup
- CardHeader
- CardImg
- CardImgOverlay
- CardLink
- CardSubtitle
- CardText
- CardTitle
- Carousel
- CarouselCaption
- CarouselContext
- CarouselControl
- CarouselItem
- Dropdown
- DropdownItem
- DropdownMenu
- DropdownToggle
- Form
- FormFeedback
- FormGroup
- Input
- InputGroup
- InputGroupText
- Label
- List
- ListGroup
- ListGroupItem
- ListInLineItem
- Media
- Modal
- ModalBody
- ModalFooter
- ModalHeader
- Nav
- Navbar
- NavbarBrand
- NavbarText
- NavbarToggler
- NavItem
- NavLink
- Offcanvas
- OffcanvasBody
- OffcanvasHeader
- Pagination
- PaginationItem
- PaginationLink
- Placeholder
- PlaceholderButton
- Popover
- PopoverBody
- PopoverHeader
- PopperContent
- Portal
- Progress
- Row
- Spinner
- TabContent
- TabContext
- Table
- TabPane
- Toast
- ToastBody
- ToastHeader
- Tooltip
- UncontrolledAccordion
- UncontrolledAlert
- UncontrolledButtonDropdown
- UncontrolledCarousel
- UncontrolledCollapse
- UncontrolledDropdown
- UncontrolledPopover
- UncontrolledTooltip

Note that all components using `solid-popper` are very much incomplete and WIP

## Popper JSX tags

Attempt to port React Popper tags is also included in this libary

- Popper
- Manager

### Usage

```ts
import { Popper, Manager } from "solid-bootstrap/popper";
```

## Dependencies

- [solid-popper](https://libraries.io/npm/solid-popper)
- [solid-transition-group](https://libraries.io/npm/solid-transition-group)

## Usage

```tsx
import { Badge } from "solid-bootstrap/components";

const App = () => <Badge color="red" />;
```

## How it works

Reactstrap uses dynamic tags. Most components allow passing in a `tag` string property to override the default tag (often a `div`)

To achieve dynamic tags in SolidJs use the `Dynamic` component

### Using Dynamic component

From the `solidjs` codebase

> Renders an arbitrary custom or native component and passes the other props

```typescript
<Dynamic component={multiline() ? "textarea" : "input"} value={value()} />
```

Hence it could be used something like this

```tsx
export default ({ tag, value }: any) => {
  return <Dynamic component={tag || "input"} value={value} />;
};
```

### Adding Bootstrap 5.x

You can include the bootstrap CSS and Javascript bundles directly in your `index.html`

```html
<!-- bootstrap 5.1 CSS -->
<link
  href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.1.3/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css"
  rel="stylesheet"
  integrity="sha384-1BmE4kWBq78iYhFldvKuhfTAU6auU8tT94WrHftjDbrCEXSU1oBoqyl2QvZ6jIW3"
  crossorigin="anonymous"
/>
<!-- bootstrap 5.1 JS -->
<script
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.1.3/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-ka7Sk0Gln4gmtz2MlQnikT1wXgYsOg+OMhuP+IlRH9sENBO0LRn5q+8nbTov4+1p"
  crossorigin="anonymous"
></script>
```

Sample `index.html`

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <!-- Required meta tags -->
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />

    <!-- Bootstrap CSS -->
    <link
      href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.1.3/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css"
      rel="stylesheet"
      integrity="sha384-1BmE4kWBq78iYhFldvKuhfTAU6auU8tT94WrHftjDbrCEXSU1oBoqyl2QvZ6jIW3"
      crossorigin="anonymous"
    />

    <title>Hello, world!</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Hello, world!</h1>

    <!-- Optional JavaScript; choose one of the two! -->

    <!-- Option 1: Bootstrap Bundle with Popper -->
    <script
      src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.1.3/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js"
      integrity="sha384-ka7Sk0Gln4gmtz2MlQnikT1wXgYsOg+OMhuP+IlRH9sENBO0LRn5q+8nbTov4+1p"
      crossorigin="anonymous"
    ></script>

    <!-- Option 2: Separate Popper and Bootstrap JS -->
    <!--
    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@popperjs/core@2.10.2/dist/umd/popper.min.js" integrity="sha384-7+zCNj/IqJ95wo16oMtfsKbZ9ccEh31eOz1HGyDuCQ6wgnyJNSYdrPa03rtR1zdB" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.1.3/dist/js/bootstrap.min.js" integrity="sha384-QJHtvGhmr9XOIpI6YVutG+2QOK9T+ZnN4kzFN1RtK3zEFEIsxhlmWl5/YESvpZ13" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
    -->
  </body>
</html>
```

## Install

Those templates dependencies are maintained via [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) via `pnpm up -Lri`.

This is the reason you see a `pnpm-lock.yaml`. That being said, any package manager will work. This file can be safely be removed once you clone a template.

```bash
$ npm install # or pnpm install or yarn install
```

### Learn more on the [Solid Website](https://solidjs.com) and come chat with us on our [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/solidjs)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm dev` or `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `dist` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles Solid in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

## Deployment

You can deploy the `dist` folder to any static host provider (netlify, surge, now, etc.)
